1. Mithalas... as it once was...

2. A grand city, built by a noble people, and watched over by a royal family. They were all children of a God named Mithala.

3. The Mithalans immortalized their God’s noble visage in stone, and built many statues honoring him throughout Aquaria. For hundreds of years, the city of Mithalas stood strong against the dangers of nature, providing its inhabitants with long, fulfilling lives.

4. If only the vision had ended there... If only these brave people had survived, and I could visit them now...

5. If only every Mithalan had been noble...

6. With the comforts and safety of the city, came a new calling… eternal life. The Mithalan Priests, who acted as Mithala’s mouthpiece, saw the coming of a greater God.

7. They had found traces of this being in the ancient writings of the other races of Aquaria. A creator, who had designed and given life to each of the Gods. A creator that would eventually destroy their entire race, as he had so many others.

8. The Priests were desperate to escape the bonds of mortality, and in doing so, delved deeper into the hidden secrets of the Verse. In time, they discovered a song that would send them to the other side – into the world of spirits, where they could live on for eternity. But the powerful magic came with a high cost…

9. The basic desire to survive drove them to accept unforgivable greed. They bound Mtihala in chains, and began drawing out his life force to power their song. Manipulating the royal family to pass new laws, they began executing sinners one by one, forcing Mithala to feast upon his own children. 

10. Mithala began to change. His mind sank into the simple, dull anger of a beast. He had no choice but to eat to survive. Eventually, he stopped shedding tears as he ate. The hunger had consumed him.

11. The rot inside Mithala’s heart began to spread. His body became bloated and deformed. His flesh began to spread throughout the city, polluting the waters. 

12. A man named Drask, the Prince of the Mithalans, had seen his family die at the hands of the Priests and their mutated disciples. Now his city was tearing itself apart. A weaker man might have given up hope, but Drask did not.

13. He confronted the Priests, and though he could not prevent their escape, he did discover their secrets. I wondered if he still lived, somewhere beyond this world…

14. 

The vision began to fade… Mithala’s spirit was departing…
…for the first time, I tried to reach out, to communicate…
“Oh great, Mithala… I need your help.”
 “Naaaijaaaa… I am dying now. It is my time to rest.”
“You have suffered so much, but I must ask a favor of you…”
“Speak fast, little one, for I do not have much longer…”
“Wh-Who am I?”
(pause)
“You are the one who will unite the waters of Aquaria. You will restore the balance of nature. And you will find love, Naija.
You have so much to see and you will become so much. There will be great pain, but I have faith that you will triumph in the end. Take heart, little one.”
“… thank you….”


